Use MLA
-------
... (Authors last name pg#).
Don't re-write the scope.

Proposal
--------
Proposing to him to conduct a literal review on a certian topic.
Getting approval to do a literature review.
Needs:
    * Problem statement
    * Proposal statement (I propose to conduct a literature review on X) <-- done
    * Scope and organization
    * Background. Fills in the blanks. Why is it a problem. What is the current research? What is
    the current thinking?
    * Project description.

What are the [results, physio, cognitive](effects) of [daycare, SAHP, nannies, school,
college](childcare) on children(6mon-4years)?

What are the changes to DNS and host configuration that end users will experience[observer] when switching to an IPv6 network from an IPv4 network?

Better define:
    * changes
        - application
        - DNS?
        - DHCP (general host configuration?)
    * end users
        - Laptops
        - Cellphones
        - Leaf node devices
        - Users of a service

    * experience
        - Errors?
        - Improvments?
        - Compared to IPv4

Problem Statement
-----------------
What topic are you proposing to write about?:
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
What are the changes to DNS and host configuration that leaf node devices will experience[observer] when switching to an IPv6 network from an IPv4 network?

What is the best way for a teir 3 ISP to migrate to IPv6?

What is the problem?
++++++++++++++++++++
DNS and host configuration has historically been done an IPv4 network.

What are the consiquences of the problem existing?
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Things will be different. IS (information system) infrastructure is not prepaired for IPv6.

Describe the ideal situation if the problem didn't exists or was solved.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
We would have years of experience with IPv6 and all infrastrucure will already be suited toward an IPv6 network.

Homework for Tuesday
--------------------
Write a problem statement and bring it to class.
