######################
#   Notes on Tor     #
######################
"All Tor traffic is relayed in fixed-size (512-byte) cells. A
cell consists of a header field and a payload. The header
contains metadata about the cell, such as the circuit iden-
tifier."

"When a cell arrives at an OR, the OR decrypts the
cell, extracts the information necessary from the header, and
then pushes the cell into the output queue for its circuit (the
circuit queue). The time cost of this process is negligible [18]
as a fraction of the overall time for a cell to be processed by
an OR."

Internet Filtering and Censorship
---------------------------------
Samir N. Hamade
* Proxy.org <- good place to learn about current technology.
* Good intro into types of filtering (IP, url, DNS)
* Examples of which contries are doing what type of filtering
* Filtering can happen at different levels (i.e. Govt, ISP, home).

"While no one can object to the filtering and
blocking of pornography, hate, violence and terror
sites on the Internet, many warn against expanding
the use of these software to oppress people and
prevent them from exercising their rights of free
access to information as part of their intellectual
freedom."

Mentions that Islamic countries filter cites that advocate christianity.

Internet Filtering in the Middle East and North Africa - OpenNet Initiative (2009)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is ONI?:
"The OpenNet Initiative is a collaborative partnership of three institutions: the Citizen Lab at the
Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto; the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at
Harvard University; and the SecDev Group (Ottawa)."

"The Middle East and North Africa is one of
the most heavily censored regions in the
world"

"ONI conducted tests for technical Internet
filtering in all of the countries in the
Middle East and North Africa between
2008 and 2009. Test results prove that
the governments and Internet service
providers (ISPs) censor content deemed
politically sensitive; critical of
governments, leaders or ruling families;
morally offensive; or in violation of public
ethics and order." (6)

"A Case Study on Measuring Statistical Data in the Tor Anonymity Network" (wecsr10.pdf)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------


"Locating Hidden Servers."
--------------------------
Timming attack.
"To a first approximation, if an adversary can watch the edges of
a Tor circuit, then she can confirm who is communicating."

"By using the node both as a server inside the network and as
the Client asking for the web pages from the Hid-
den Server, the attacker is able to get precise timing
without having to externally synchronize the time
with another node."

Their attack:
Normal:
HS -> Node1 -> Node2 -> Node3 -> RP -> Node4 -> Client.
A hidden service has any choice in who they route through when connecting to the RP (rondivouz
point). Tor connections usually go through 3 nodes "internal" nodes. The client advertises itself as
an internal Node (this is easy because becoming a network node in Tor is done by volenteering). The
goal of the attack is to have the client be chosen by the HS as Node1. Once the client finds itself
as Node1 it can analyse traffic using packet counting and timeing analysis to determine if they are
indeed talking to the HS.

Attack Goal:
HS -> Client -> Node2 -> Node3 -> RP -> Client.

This is how the client will try to trick the HS to choose it as Node1
"Alice’s server node will report a false higher
uptime and the maximum network bandwidth
to the directory server in order for other nodes
to trust it for their circuits. This is still possible
as there is (yet) no method for keeping reliable
track of uptime at the different servers."

Talking about determining which node they are.
"Our match confirmation is an extended version
of the packet counting... In addition to basic counting
of cells, we also make use of precise timing infor-
mation of when cells were received and transmit-
ted, and the direction of each individual cell pass-
ing in order to determine a circuit match."

"All of our attacks rely on Alice being able to
force the Hidden Server to create new circuits until
she can cause it to create a circuit that first connects
directly to her node."


Measuring the Tor Network from Public Directory Information
-----------------------------------------------------------
(http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1894882)
Published in: Proceeding FC'10 Proceedings of the 14th international conference on Financial cryptograpy and data security


Question: Can I use "DefenestraTor: Throwing out Windows in Tor" (Tor_unfairness_problem.pdf)
Cited in "Tor is unfair: what to do about it." (found in ieee)

Tor is Unfair -- And What To Do About It.
-----------------------------------------
Re-write scheduler.
"[A]ll cells from all circuits that traverse the same pair of
onion routers are multiplexed over the same TCP connection.
These TCP connections can thus be perceived as links in an
overlay network, which are used by potentially many users’
circuits at the same time."

"[H]ow should the resources of the onion routers be
allocated to the individual connections and circuits?"

"[I]n an anonymity system like Tor exchanging as little explicit control
information as possible is particularly crucial also for another
reason: control data is always at the risk of leaking information
that can be used to break the anonymity."
This removed the possibility of using existing solutions in other cuircut based networks e.g.
ATMs.

"connections are TCP/TLS links between neighboring onion routers, circuits
are the logical end-to-end user connections through this over-
lay."

At the moment Tor uses a Round Robin scheduling alogrithm. In computing Round Robin has specific
meaning: Given a set up entities contending for a limited resource, Round Robin schedualing
gaurentees that each entity gets a fair amount of the resource.

The incoming data from connects from other OR's are read in a Round Robin and written to the correct
output connection also in a Round Robin fashion. This ensures that each connection will eventually
get serviced. The problem comes when one connection has far more data than another connection. Since
no 

The encyption that takes place during processing is not a bottle neck. (cite this)

An Improved Algorithm for Tor Circuit Scheduling
------------------------------------------------
"Although the multi-hop architecture inevitably brings extra
latency, the experienced latency is higher than this effect
can explain."

"[T]he degree of anonymity Tor pro-
vides depends on the number of users. Higher latency will
discourage more users from joining the network. Hence, the
performance issues do not only affect user experience, but
also degrade Tor’s security properties."

"The uses of Tor can be divided into interactive streams
and non-interactive streams. Interactive streams include
web browsing, instant messaging, SSH, and telnet, while
non-interactive streams include bulk file transfer such as
FTP and BitTorrent."

Talking about how tor decides which cuircuts cell's get selected to be sent to the next OR.
"The previous algorithm was simply to select active circuits in round-robin fashion."

How to make Tor faster for interative sessions without harming bulk transfer sessions.

"In order to prioritize interactive circuits, we need to de-
cide, for example, which circuits are using HTTP, and which
circuits are using BitTorrent. Unfortunately, we cannot de-
termine the application protocol by looking directly at the
content of the cells, since all of the cells are encrypted ex-
cept for at the exit OR."

It is also possible for people to use HTTP for bulk transfer so just going off of the protocol is
not enough to signal whether or not you should give traffic a higher priority.

The author points out that just blocking bittorrent traffic by blocking ports used by the bittorrent
protocol is not a good idea. He cites the idea that "Tor is intended to be application neutral".
Also, this can be easily circumvented by changing which port bittorrent is running on.
